One of the most annoying problems virtually everyone must deal with and absolutely dreads is file management. It is quite a common issue, we download ludicrous amount of files, put off organizing them, and eventually, they get incredibly unruly. At times, things may get so bad that it is a task all in of itself when looking for an individual file in the mess that is our overcrowded folders. Personally, I have been in this exact scenario many times, and once again encountered this issue with my Win SCP home folder, one I have in effect transformed into a second downloads folder. 
Honestly, I am in love with Win SCP. It is, if you think a bit outside the box, a free file hosting server; and so, I put a lot of my school-related, nonsensitive files on the server, then drag and drop them back onto my computer when I need them. However, like I stated previously, things got very messy very quickly. So, to solve this issue, I created a bash script that would organize it for me. This bash script creates folders/directories, looks for files of a certain type in my WIN SCP home folder, and then moves them into the appropriate directory. So, for example, a file with the “.pdf” tag would be moved to the “Documents” directory, ones with the “.java” tag would be moved to the “Code” directory, etc. 
Overall, the code was very simple conceptually and all I required was to look back at the lessons we had learned in class and make careful use of the “mkdir,” “cd,” and “mv” commands. This said, it did take a few days of trial and error to finally get things to work right. On the fourth day of asking, and after some more research, I was able to get things done and it worked splendidly. A deeper dive into my thought process, how the code works, and a visual of it in action can be found at the linke below: 
[
https://youtu.be/uPvCzYfdC2E?si=WTilnqmtO2E_lXUR. ](url)
